Add documentation for Open Id connect provider creation (#210)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/administration-guide/users-management/security/openidconnect.rst

> Open Id Connect

Reviewer: Same for the rest of the page.
```suggestion
OpenID Connect
```

---------------

> The Open Id Connect plugin allow to allows to authenticate with Open Id Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenID Connect client plugin allows users to authenticate with an OpenID Connect provider.
```

.. attention::
    As of today, this plugin can not be used when the LDAP plugin is enabled.

Generic Provider
****************

> This is the one who is used more the most of the Open Id provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the type of provider that should be used most of the time.
```

To add a generic provider, you need to go on PLUGINS >> OpenID Connect Client >> Add provider as site administrator.
A modal opens and you can fill in the necessary fields

.. image:: ../../../images/openidconnect/add-generic-provider.png

>   :alt: Tuleap Open Id Connect generic provider creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: Tuleap OpenID Connect generic provider creation
```

  :align: center

Azure Active Directory Provider
*******************************

> Azure AD is a little bite different and doesn't need the same data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Active Directory provider takes into account the specificities of `Azure Active Directory <https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/>`_.
```

If you want to add an Azure AD provider, click on the caret down and "Azure Active Directory".

.. image:: ../../../images/openidconnect/azure-add-button.png

>   :alt: Tuleap Open Id Connect provider creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: Tuleap OpenID Connect provider creation
```

  :align: center

A different modal opens and you can fill the necessary fields. Note authorization endpoint, token endpoint and user information endpoint are not more necessary.

> They are replaced by Tenant Id.

Reviewer: This is mostly an implementation detail and we probably should left it out the documentation. People that have never used an OpenID Connect provider following the specification will not know what this refer to.

.. image:: ../../../images/openidconnect/add-azure-provider.png

>   :alt: Tuleap Open Id Connect azure provider creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: Tuleap OpenID Connect Azure provider creation
```
